It was Feb 28, 2099 when a catastrophic world war completely changed human's life, and it must be a day for all human to remember; while for Steve, this was the last day for him, a freshman who just passed his 19th birthday, to see his familiar world again. At the moment when his optimistic and promising future was replaced by piles of dismal and hopeless relics, he was destined to live in the law of jungle in a refuge.

In these dismal times Steve knew that only way he could make a difference to the status quo was helping i the technological revolution of his country, thats why he was bent upon pursuing computer science.

Fear, the only feeling Steve was accustomed to, no happiness no joy only fear ruled his life ever since that fateful day. Turmoil had ruled world politics 
for years, until finally one day all hell broke lose. Tensions between The US and Russia were at there highest since the cold war. It was a normal run of
the mill day on the 28th, it was monday, and Steve crawled out of bed to take a shower, he was off to clas, he had a Compute Science lecture to attend.
When he arrived he found an empty seat and began to get out his materials, when suddenly a cacophony of screaming phones erupted in the nearly filled 
lecture hall. Franctically he pulled out his own phone, he let a gasp out of his lips, and a few screams were heard, as steve looked up he saw the same
fearful look on each and everyone one of his classmates faces, he looked back down once again to read, "Ballistic missiles inbound to your location, seek
Shelter immediatly."


Everyone was shocked, mumuring filled the classroom. Several students just run out of the the room to find the shelter, while others include Steve, are still trying to take the last lines of the notes on the screen. At the same time, professor D who is behind the lectern says in the normal volume as if nothing happend :” Oh my boys. You don’t need to worry anything, just sit here and let me finish my lecture. OK? The nearest shelter is miles a way from our building, so you can’t get  there even if you have B-cycle. Plus, you don’t really know if that’s just another bug, right? Alright. Let’s get started and today we are gonna finish the B plus tree….” 


This was the last moment Steve saw his professor, and his last moment to recongize that there are something beyond living like a beast.

"I should know that I can be a human rather than a killing machine, but for the first time when I was attracted to the violence, I have no chance to return to a normal person. I deserved to this failure."

This was my 1234th winning in this arena, and I didn't realize that I am destine to receive this ending.
